---
alias: 
 - 
tags: 
 - Session/0
---

# Session Session Recap
Arriving from a portal, near a camp of circus performers; [[Caelum]], a Fairy Druid, and his Human Fey Touched Paladin acquaintance, [[Godwyn Bertilak]], arrive in the country of Fallspire, near the small town of Sandscar. They quickly are allowed to travel via covered wagon heading to Basinwharf, where the performers will ply their trade during a region wide combat tournament, where upon hearing about it, Godwyn hopes to compete. However, they are told they will be stopping for the night at a coastal port town of [[Bonewall]]. Separately, [[Conras Steward]], a Human presenting Rogue from a family of bankers, arrives with a secret to Shellville, an island of Tortles, which serves a restocking island for long voyages and boards a boat to Bonewall, where upon he meets a young Human presenting woman Shadow Touched Sorcerer, [[Lenore Silverwood]], who carries with her a beautiful purple silk wedding dress she hopes to parlay into a new business adventure with the [[Duchess Wenefreda]]. As the circus party, along with their new friends, arrive near the Phantom Blue Marina of Bonewall, Caelum and Godwyn are told they need to find lodging for the night and to meet the caravan the next morning at first light, around the time that Conras and Lenore arrive via their ship and are assisted onto shore by a Tortle female, [[Amy Daybutter]], and is directed towards the town square, where final preparations are being made for tomorrow’s wedding. 

Suddenly the tranquility of this coastal town is disrupted as an ear-piercing screech cuts through the gentle hum of activity followed by a series of screams from the north of town, causing a sudden flee for everyone working on and near the Phantom Blue Marina to run towards their houses and lock the doors.  

Following the sounds they have heard, all four of these newly acquainted persons head towards the town square where they find it nearly deserted except for two halflings, the Mayor [[Tomburan Fleetfood]] and his assistant [[Rosamund Boffin]], staring at a block of stone. The stone they are near is actually the encasement of, what appears to be, the Duke of Fallspire who is supposed to be married tomorrow morning. The party is told that a mist or fog appeared suddenly from the opening in the woods to the north and when it lifted, the Duke was as they see him. They also inform the group that the fog normally comes only at night, and has never left stone before, it usually just abducts anyone who is not in a safe dwelling.
 
Rosamund attempts to get Lenore to hand over the wedding dress for the dutchess, which she fails to do, she eventually heads towards the townhall and closes the door. Upon looking closer at the stone, Conras notices a discoloration of the gray stone, and when the rest of the group looks closer they notice what appears to be a symbol of a fierce wolf's head, its teeth bared in a perpetual growl, set against a backdrop of jagged peaks and a moon along with a runic language at the bottom. Yet when they show this to the Mayor he looks very nervous and flees towards the Town Hall also and locks the door.  

The new group of adventurers attempt to gain entry to the Town Hall, but are told to seek shelter before the moon appears, but before heading to find lodging, they notice another runic script written on top of the door. They then head towards The Stormy Lavender Tavern, the local watering hole, where they meet [[Stanvag Morninghorn]], owner and bartender, and [[Olle]], his barmaid and host. After buying a few rounds of expensive drinks, Stanvag informs the group that the symbol they found on the stone was that of [[Castle Bloodfang]], a place that is a few days' journey from here. Also that the script on the bottom of the crest is Abyssal, while the writing on the top of the doors is Celestial and it reads *Forbiddance Enforced*.  

Upstairs in The Stormy Lavender Tavern, the group meets Amy again, who is attempting to get the group to play one of four “Cursed Games”, seemingly called so because no one seems to win for long. After losing several rounds of Devil’s Dice, they meet Stanvag again who gives them a route to hopefully get them to Castle Bloodfang. They must travel north to [[Lavendal]] to meet [[Tobias Hearthstone]], followed by [[Mistahaven]] and find [[Magnus Ironwood]], then [[Oakvale]] see [[Miracle Whitethorn]], and then they will get to the garrison of [[Bloodfang Outpost]]. The travel should take just a few days, but he warns to not travel at night.

After the party agrees to head this way, Stanvag brings the party through the door Amy was guarding, which had a sign saying to “Keep out” in many languages, where they were in the top floor of [[Dasdrel Greatheart]]’s The Wicked Purple Inn, where they were allowed to stay in the 20 gold a night suite, which Lenore noticed the bedding was made of her family’s silk, for free. As the group began to go to sleep for the night, they each, in their dreams, heard a voice saying, “The moon will stop for no one.”